---
title: "The Stiff Elixir"
author: Xiaowen Zhang
date: 2022-10-10T07:00:00+08:00
slug: the-stiff-elixir
type: post
categories:
  - Science Fiction
  - Tragedy
tags:
  - Fantasy
  - Arthur C. Clarke
  - Hard Science Fiction
  - Dialogue-driven
  - Tragic Ending
draft: false
---

In the city of Eldra, where crystalline spires pierced a vermillion sky, an otherworldly murmur buzzed through air crackling with latent magic. Here, on the thirteenth floor of a hollowed-out meteorite tower, Nerys, a pragmatic alchemist, meticulously cataloged bizarre concoctions in her workshop. Her muse lay sprawled across the ancient tome—Arthur Octavio, a young scientist with eyes full of stardust but heart heavy with terrestrial sorrow.

"Nerys," Arthur began, gazing at the flask filled with a translucent gel, "do you really believe this *hand sanitizer* can reverse the rigidity?"

Nerys chuckled softly, her voice a soothing balm against the hum of arcane devices. "It's not just any hand sanitizer, Arthur. It's a concoction distilled from Eldra's quintessence, interlocked with molecular symmetry and enchanted by the Moon's eclipse."

Arthur's laughter echoed warmly, though tinged with disbelief. "And you believe that'll work where science failed? Irony doesn't you think?"

Tilting her head, Nerys responded, "Sometimes, what science brands as dead ends, magic perceives as possibilities. We can no longer sequester both into isolated realms."

The night crept on, with Nerys and Arthur exchanging theories, their voices threading through the ticking gears and bubbling liquids. In every word, there lay a hope—a desperate yearning to see Arthur freed from his affliction, an ailment that left him increasingly immobile with each passing day.

Arthur's disease, an unknown rigid dystrophy, had rendered his movements stiff, leaving him to struggle against his own body, a mind imprisoned in an unyielding shell. Only in the towering alcove of Nerys' workshop, amongst the mingling scents of the ethereal and the chemical, did a flicker of salvation gleam, if only for the night.

"So," Arthur finally asked, his voice a gentle cascade of curiosity and caution, "what makes this different from the others?"

Nerys handed him the flask, a slight tremor—a whisper of urgency—undercutting her action. "This one is unique," she avowed, "because it was forged with belief, the kind neither bound by the stars nor chained by logic."

Awkward silence burgeoned between them, sprawling into an unspoken pact. Arthur nodded, determination suffusing his stiff limbs with newfound vigor. 

Gingerly, he applied the gel, cool against the warmth of his skin. For a moment, silence reigned, broken only by Arthur's uneven breathing. He could feel the gel seeping into him, his mind spiraling through galaxies and realms unknown, seeking solace in dimensions yet unexplored.

"Nerys," he whispered as eldritch currents rippled through him, his eyes shimmering with tears unfallen and hope unfound,